Who are Alliance Airlines?

Alliance Airlines is Australia's leading fly-in, fly-out aviation provider, specialising in the mining, energy and government sectors. With over 1,400 employees, Alliance is unique in owning its entire fleet. We are a leader in the 100-seat jet market, with 79 aircraft in operation. We deliver world-class performance and have operational bases in Brisbane, Rockhampton, Townsville, Cairns, Darwin, Perth and Adelaide.

What’s the role on offer?

We're looking for Cabin Crew to join our Adelaide based team in Q1 of 2026! This is an exciting opportunity to work on flights supporting the resource industry, private charter clients and Regular Passenger Transport (RPT) services in partnership with QantasLink, including both domestic and international flights. Whether you're starting your aviation journey or taking the next step in your career, you'll be joining a fun, fast-paced environment with plenty of variety and room to grow. No two days are the same and that's what makes it exciting!

Who are we looking for?

We're after motivated, safety-focused individuals who bring energy, professionalism and a genuine love of delivering outstanding customer service.

You'll shine in this role if you have:

Strong communication and people skills - you're a natural at striking up a conversation!
A genuine passion for creating memorable experiences for our passengers
The ability to stay calm and adaptable in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
Flexibility to work varied schedules, including weekends and holidays
A positive outlook and team spirit - show up, work hard and your career will take off!

What do you need to succeed?

You'll need to be at least 18 years old prior to commencement
Minimum of 2 years in a high-pressure customer service role
No visible tattoos while wearing the Cabin Crew uniforms
Be fluent in written and spoken English
Able to swim at least 50 metres without assistance
Eligible for an Aviation Security Identification Card (ASIC) which involves a background check
Provide your First Aid, CPR, RSA certificates and a valid passport prior to starting
What’s in it for you?

Full pay during your ground school training
Paid allowances for extended duty, overnight stays and productivity
6 weeks of annual leave - we know you love to travel!
Numerous career progression pathways (Cabin Manager, Trainer, Checker and more)
Free airport parking during your shifts and discounts at airport stores
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Discounted tickets to the Queensland Reds (QRU) games and merch
Discounted Qantas Club memberships
Novated Leading - bundle your car running costs into one tax effective payment
Salary Packaging - designed to help you take home more of your pay
Opportunities to fly to a range of domestic and international destinations
Does this sound like you?

If this opportunity excites you and you have the skills we're after, we'd love to hear from you! Hit "Apply" and our team will be in touch soon.

At Alliance Airlines, We Value Diversity

We are committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported. We encourage applications from candidates of all backgrounds and communities.

Eligibility

All candidates must have full working rights within Australia. Only applicants with the right to work in Australia will be considered for this role.

We look forward to receiving your application!
