Cabin Crew
Hello. We’re Virgin Australia, and we’re looking for Cabin Crew to join our team. A team that's won the AirlineRatings.com Airline Excellence Award for Best Cabin Crew, seven years in a row! We go the extra mile, in the air and on the ground, to create wonderful experiences that put our guests firmly at the heart of everything we do. And we need you (and your vibe) to help light up our cabins.

The lifestyle of a Cabin Crew member usually sees them being away from home for up to four days at a time. But in this team things are a little different. Flying out of Perth, on most shifts you’ll be back home on the same day, and only occasionally need to spend time away.

You might not have thought about taking your career to the skies as a flight attendant, but if you’ve worked in customer service, hospitality, retail, aged care, nursing, or in a hotel, your experience is highly relevant and valued.

Who we’re looking for

Good humans. The best kind. Those with hospitality in their heart, and a spring in their step. The cool, calm, collected, happy to help, nothing’s too much trouble, people loving, safety conscious, clear headed, charming, and down to earth cabin crew members.

What you’ll be doing

You’ll be welcoming people onboard our aircraft (and seeing them off at the other end), giving clear, comprehensive safety briefings (and making sure everyone adheres to them). You’ll be offering brilliant service to all our guests, helping those with special needs and making flying super fun for unaccompanied minors.

You’ll be working as part of a team and meeting new people every day. You’ll impress with your ability to handle things that are outside of your control (weather, delays, emergencies etc.). Being able to remain calm and confident under pressure will go a long way towards making guests feel like they’re in good hands.

You’ll be great in this role if you…

Are at least 18 years of age
Are an Australian Citizen or Permanent Resident
Have had at least 3 years of previous employment (part-time or full-time hours) in roles that focus on caring for people/customers
Have a passport (with at least 18 months left on it)
Have a Responsible Service of Alcohol (RSA) certificate (or can obtain one quickly)
Have a current Australian First Aid and CPR certificate (or can obtain one quickly)
Can work a 24/7 rotating roster (including early starts, late finishes, weekends, public holidays and peak periods)
Can reach up to a height of 180cm
Are comfortable being around cats and dogs who may travel on board our aircraft from time to time
What you’ll get from us

We’re committed to looking after you, with some of the best benefits and conditions in the industry – including (but not limited to):

Discounted flights for you and your loved ones (including $1000 worth of credits per year)
6 weeks annual leave
Free onsite physio
Full uniform and staff parking
Discounts on travel insurance, Virgin Australia Lounge membership, car hire, accommodation and experiences worldwide
Access to the ‘Virgin Family’ platform, connecting you with staff-only special offers with Virgin brands around the world
Hospitality, retail, technology, beauty services and wellness discounts
Free counselling and access to a wellbeing app to support your physical, mental, social and financial health
